>>And now, world-renowned
spirit medium James Van Praagh.
[APPLAUSE]
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH:
Hi, everyone.
How are ya?
Can't hear ya.
Can you help me hear ya?
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you very much.
And thank you for joining
me for Spirit Talk
where I bring you one
step closer to heaven.
So it's my intention today,
I'm setting my intention
with everybody
watching, everybody
here in this audience.
Lovely audience from all over
the place probably, yeah?
Some of you flew in from
I don't know, far away.
Like Denver?
I don't know, it's
five minutes away.
[LAUGHTER]
Anyway, I thought today we
would do a show about intention.
Because a lot of people
like to know how come things
don't appear in their life.
That they have a desire to
really work for and want
certain things and there are
other things they don't get.
And they wonder why don't
they get those things
that they think of.
So I'd like to do a show about
intentions and manifestation.
Manifesting what we
really want in life
and why we can't manifest.
So I think that everybody
that's watching the show
should maybe open up
their hearts and minds.
And everybody here
in the audience, too.
Really the fact is-- I say
this every time on my show--
that we are all spirits
having a human experience.
And just by that alone,
just by that awareness
that we are spirit
first and foremost,
we react to a whole
bunch of different types
of laws, a different
way of living.
It's really not what's going
on around us in the physical.
It's really what's happening
here within our hearts
and in the mind.
People often ask me,
what is the spirit?
Well, the mind is
part of the spirit.
The brain is part of
the physical body.
And what happens at death is
really the brain ceases to be.
But the mind continues
on, for the mind
is part of the spirit, part
of the soul, if you will.
And within the mind, and
you'll find this out today,
that within that mind
is really a tapestry,
a beautiful painting,
if you will,
of every single experience
you ever had on the earth.
Every single incident,
every single memory
is really recorded in the mind.
And when they pass into
the world of spirit,
when people die, they pass
into that world of spirit.
So all the experiences
that we had on this earth,
that we lived on this earth,
really do stay part of us
in the mind, a part of
the soul, if you will.
So when the spirit people tend
to come back and communicate
or attempt communication,
we really will--
they will come back
very close to my space.
The atmosphere around me.
And around you, by the way.
Of course because you are
calling them in, not me, right?
And many times when
they do communicate
through me or through
another medium,
they will first bring through
memories of their life.
Because it's like going
to an old childhood school
that you graduated from.
A grade school perhaps.
And we'll come back
to memories that you
had at that grade school.
Different situations you
had, perhaps different people
in your life at that time.
So when the spirits
come back, they
will tend to bring forth old
memories that they had in life.
There is no such thing as
time in the spirit world.
Time is really only relative
here to this physical,
three dimensional world.
So they're outside of time.
So to them, they really
don't live in time.
They live in memories that
they created on the earth.
So how do you like that?
Interesting.
I believe that we're all God.
I believe that we're all that
beautiful, creative energy,
that creative force.
And God always is
manifesting and creating.
And I think everybody
sitting here in this audience
is creating.
OK?
You may not be
conscious of it, you
might not be
conscious of yourself
creating and manifesting things.
But you are on another level.
Now, I've got to tell you
that you being spirit,
you being God, that creative
force, that loving force,
and God constantly creating
things over and over again.
We could have whatever we want.
For God says yes.
Then why is it that we
don't have what we want?
Why is it that we
don't get what we want?
Anybody know?
>>AUDIENCE: We don't allow.
>>VAN PRAAGH: We don't allow.
Exactly right.
We're not on that
frequency of allowing.
So when we want something
to manifest in our lives,
so we put it out there,
let's say we visualize it,
we meditate about manifestation.
And we could have that, if
we stay with that frequency.
Think of it like this, think
of it like a radio station.
And that you're tuning
to a certain dial.
106.7, right?
You're on 106.7, or
you're tuning into that.
And you're really like
visualizing, I want this.
Let's say, I want
this type of job,
a type of relationship
in my life,
I want this material
thing like a car.
Whatever it is in your life.
And you're tuning into it.
But there's a part of you
which might not allow it.
Exactly what you're saying.
So if your vibratory rate,
and I'm just saying this,
106.7 like a radio.
So if your frequency or
your vibratory rate is here.
But you're only
tuning it to 96.7,
you're not going to get it.
See?
So you're not allowing
yourself to experience
the fullness of that vibration
of that vortex of coming
into that oneness of being
and really into-- whether it's
feelings of deserving,
feelings of guilt,
feelings of limitation,
feelings of inadequacy,
whatever it might be.
You're exactly right,
you're not feeling
worthy at that
vibrational rate, yes.
So if you really want to
manifest, materialize,
you have to be at
that frequency.
And the more one
has a relationship
with their true self,
their spiritual self,
their spiritual creative
being, and whether that's
done through disciplines
of meditation,
whether it's done through
contemplation and prayer,
whether it's done through yoga.
Well, however you
could quiet the mind
and get to that space
of creative self
that we are all
creative beings of God.
And we can accept
and allow ourselves
to get to that higher
frequency and receive.
And really manifest whatever
we want in our lives.
So we really have the abundance.
It's within us.
It's just having the awareness.
So we already have
the abundance,
but it's having the
awareness to bring yourself
full to that experience,
to that manifestation.
It's always there.
Yeah.
So you could have
anything you want.
I think a lot of people don't
have what they want also
because they're not
clear in their vision.
They're not very
The spirit world,
God, the creative self
will give us exactly
what we want.
Exactly what we want.
But we have to be very,
very clear in the vision
that we have.
You have to be exacting
to what you want.
A friend of mine many
years ago, was very funny,
she taught me about
visualization.
And she said, James,
it's the weirdest thing
that I had happen to me.
I used to visualize
I'd be driving down
Wilshire Boulevard in California
with a Mercedes convertible.
And I envisioned
everything about it.
I envisioned the interior,
I envisioned the color
of the car, I even envisioned
the radio station that
was playing, and the
music that was coming out.
And she said, and it was 12:15.
And she made this whole thing
up about 12:15 in the afternoon,
she was driving this nice
Mercedes, she had the color,
and she felt the
wind on her hair,
she had the music on the radio.
So you'd think that she's
done her job, didn't she?
Wouldn't you think?
Several years later, she
said it actually happened.
She was driving down Wilshire
Boulevard in Los Angeles
and she was looking and she
goes, oh my gosh, here it is.
This is like my visualization.
It's my manifestation.
I wanted a Mercedes.
It's exactly what I had
in my visualization.
It's a yellow Mercedes, which
is rare, I guess, right?
A rare kind of color.
With a brown interior
and the song came on that
she was thinking about
in the visualization.
Everything was exactly right.
And she looked at the
clock, it was 12:15,
there was a light wind, and
she was like, oh my god,
that's exactly right.
And I said, oh, so you had
your car that you wanted.
You materialized that,
you manifested this car.
It was able to happen.
And she said, well,
kind of, yeah.
I said, what was the problem?
And she said, well,
there was one thing
I forgot when I tried
to manifest this car.
I was there, I
envisioned the space,
I envisioned everything I could.
Like exactly to the detail.
Except one important thing.
I said, what was that?
She said, well, I
did envision all that
and I'm driving the car.
But she goes, it
dawned on me as I'm
driving this car down Wilshire
Boulevard and feeling the sun.
That, gosh, this is part
of my visualization,
but I didn't do it right.
Because I was picking up my
car for my boss from the repair
shop.
[LAUGHTER]
She didn't say it's for me.
So she left out of that
equation that it's for her.
She left that out.
So the universe gave her
exactly what she wanted.
Exactly what she wanted.
But she didn't say,
I own it, it's mine.
So that's very, very
important to do that.
Yes.
So any other questions
you have about
manifestations that
you might have?
Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: What if you
don't know what you want?
>>VAN PRAAGH: What if
you don't want to create?
What if you don't know what
you want in manifestation?
I think the number one thing is
you have to know what you want.
What do you desire?
What do you want in your life?
But you have to be
very, very specific
and detailed down to it.
So you can just
say, I want love.
Well, you'll have love.
But I would like to be more
specific in my visualization.
Remember that the spirit
world, that God, the creation
will always give
you what you want.
But you have to be
clear with your vision.
You've got to know
what you want.
Otherwise it's not going to
be fully realized in detail.
Just like the story of
my friend with the car.
So you really have to
have a clear vision.
Even if you want
to write it down,
write things down as
far as the details
and then project it out.
Yes.
OK?
Good.
You have a question over here.
>>AUDIENCE: Would
manifestation be
pretty much like a sculptor
creating a sculpture intact?
The fact that the
emotion, the spirit
is all ingrained into
the object and then
only after when it's completed,
he stands back and says,
this is what I really wanted.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: In a way?
>>VAN PRAAGH: In a way.
And I love the way
you described it.
Because if you can really create
that exactly like you said,
which is much emotion behind it
and the desire that you want.
So if you want a certain
particular thing in your life,
a certain situation, a certain
scenario, a certain person,
a certain job, whatever
it is you want.
The more you can give it
the emotion behind it.
For instance, I often will
create this scenario in my mind
where I want to be.
OK?
And I will feel
emotionally how I'm
going to be when
it's manifested.
So I will put myself
into that space
as like I've received already.
And I'll look around, I'll see
who is in the room with me.
And what are they saying to me,
how I feel about the situation,
and I even go further as what
is the weather like outside.
I visualize picking
up my cell phone,
and someone's calling me, and
they're saying something to me.
But whatever it
is, the scenario,
you want to use as
much detail and emotion
with the manifestation
as possible.
And then you will get it
exactly as you give it.
Now that being said, I
also have to tell you that
and this is very, very true.
I know everybody here in this
audience has experienced this.
Sometimes just because
you want something,
does not mean you're
going to get it
the way you want it, right?
And I'm saying that
because sometimes you
will receive-- it's like
you get what you need,
not what you want.
Ego, self, and
the human self can
have a certain desire
and that can help you.
But your higher self will
always lead you the right path
to get what you want.
But you certainly
can help promote that
and manifest in your life what
you want by having that desire
and having that
emotion for sure.
For sure.
And I think that
when we do something
that comes from a space of love.
So if you have a visualization
or manifestation of something
you want in your life,
if you can give it
with as much love in your heart.
And throw that love
and that emotion
into that situation, that
scenario, God always says yes.
God is love, love is God.
And I think that if we know
that, that love is God.
God is love.
That we come from that, I call
it that energy, that space,
anything is possible.
Anything is possible.
And just having
that awareness, that
knowingness that we're
in that space of love,
that things will
manifest as they're
meant to be at the highest good
for our being, it'll happen.
But I think sometimes we
have to give a little push
and we have to
realize that we are
able to manifest
anything we want.
OK good.
All right?
Great.
Question, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
How do you get past the
undermining of your deserving
of that intention?
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Everybody has that.
Not feeling worthy of it.
This Is beyond me, I
don't deserve this,
I'm not good enough.
This is beyond my life,
I don't deserve it.
This is going to happen
to somebody else,
not happen to me.
We all go through that.
But I think it's
important to assess,
have an assessment
with yourself.
So whether it's you go into
silence and the stillness
in silence, and you go
back in your mind to,
let's say, your childhood.
And just see or feel.
And just your mind's eye,
kind of visualize and ask,
what is it about me
that I feel like I
don't deserve certain things?
And you might be very surprised.
Go back to your childhood,
certain situations
might have happened where
you didn't feel worthy.
Or someone might have
said something to you
and you were shut down.
So, sometimes you have to go
all the way back in your mind
to your childhood and start
that way, assessing yourself.
All the way to present time.
And you might see
certain areas that
are closed down, why
you don't feel worthy.
OK?
Yeah, you're very welcome.
You know, it's very
important to realize
that we are human beings.
And it's sometimes
a juggling act
between the ego self, which is
the human, and the spirit self.
I always say the ego,
E-G-O, we are all God,
that God-created created being.
E-G-O, the ego-- Edging God Out.
So when the ego
gets involved, God
doesn't have any openings
to kind of come in.
Make sense to you?
And people tend to
live in love or fear.
And God is pure love, but
when we limit ourselves,
we're living in fear.
That's fear based.
And what is fear?
F- E- A- R. False
ego appearing real.
Right?
So we have that.
And so many of us tend to
live what other people want
us to live or how other
people want us to live.
And I always gotta tell
people, everything is energy.
And what anyone else
thinks about you
is none of your business.
So what anyone thinks of you
Because nobody knows you
better than you know yourself.
Right?
No one knows you
better than yourself.
Who can love you more than
you can love yourself?
We spend our whole
lifetimes searching,
going to other people, trying
to fill a void within ourselves.
Guess what, they can't
fill that void because they
don't know you that well.
You know yourself more,
you know yourself better.
So why can't I have
those relationships
I've always wanted?
What's the matter?
What's going on?
Because I'm fearful.
I'm not good enough to receive.
And also you have to
remember something.
Because we're God beings,
because we're energy,
and we'll manifest
exactly what we're
thinking, because
thoughts are things.
So if we're sending it
out, I want a relationship,
but I'm really not good
enough to have one,
you will have
relationship, but you
will draw to you someone
who is inadequate.
Someone who is not in the
same frequency that you are.
OK?
You know about this, right?
You have been through it, and
through it, and through it.
And what is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: My name is Liz.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Liz.
So I just want to, Liz, tune
into you on an energetic level
and see what's going on as
far as manifestation with you.
So Liz, there was a lot
of pressure on you--
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: When
you were born.
There's a lot of pressure
on you from the outside.
And that I have to
be a certain way.
And I think that you fell
into, this is very interesting,
one of your parents is very
independent and one is not.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do
you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes or no?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I gotta
tell you that I'm not sure
if your mom, before
your mom had you,
there was a little trouble
about that situation.
>>AUDIENCE: Mmhmm.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Because I feel there
was a question mark
in your mom's mind.
Do you understand?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
Because I know that
there wasn't a lot of--
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: She's
right here, it's fine.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Where is she?
There?
[LAUGHTER]
So Liz, I brought
you up on stage
because I was just
tuning into you as far
as an intuitive level and
a manifestation level.
And seeing what was
going on around you
and I talked about your
mother and your mother's
in the audience.
Hi, mom.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi, I'm Wendy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, Wendy.
Nice to meet you.
So I don't know if the
situation when you had her,
when you became pregnant,
but the situation around you
was not secure.
In some way--
>>AUDIENCE: That's true.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that, right?
Because I feel that before
she came in as a soul
that things were
not in foundation.
There was not a
strong foundation.
>>AUDIENCE: She saved my life.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She
saved your life.
OK, sweetheart.
Because I know there
was a bit of insecurity
and I know there was--
I'm going to cry now.
I gotta hug you.
[WHIMPERING]
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you
for saving here life
because I think you did.
Because I know that your life
almost ended in some ways
before her.
>>AUDIENCE: I was into drugs.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know.
Let me tell you.
I know that your life almost
ended before she came in.
And I know it was
alcohol or drugs,
but I also know there
was abuse around you when
you were younger.
You understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Mmhmm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It had to be
physical abuse, as well.
And I know that I just got to
tell you when she comes in,
and I'm going to separate
this in that I want you
to acknowledge once again
as you as a soul being
that you can create anything
you want in your life
and you can have anything
you want in your life.
You are not your mom,
you are not your father
because that situation's kind
of up and down now isn't it?
We're not going to talk about
it, but it's not secure right?
So I just want you to know
that that's not who you are.
You're in the same
soul group, of course.
And, of course, you love mom
and dad and the other siblings.
You love them.
Are there step kids too?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I
keep on-- yeah, stepkids.
>>AUDIENCE: We have half
brothers and sisters.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I get steps.
Steps, steps.
And I just-- step, step, steps.
And you gotta be careful with
kidney stones, young lady.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Kidney
stones for you.
All right, thank you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
OK.
Thank you, sweetheart.
[APPLAUSE]
So what I want to do now is
I would like for all of you
to work with me and really
try to manifest something.
And if you've never done this
before, that's just fine.
That's great.
I'd rather you never did
it before and work with me
now as pure as it can be.
And it really will help you.
So those at home, you can
just listen to my voice
as I visualize with you.
So just close your
eyes, if you could.
And everybody in the audience,
just close your eyes.
And take a deep
breath and exhale.
I want you inhale a
beautiful golden light.
And I'd like for you to envision
that beautiful golden light
come to the very
top of your head.
And sitting in your heart and
flowing through the whole body
and as you exhale,
exhale out of your mouth
a color of gray mist.
So together let's bring in
the beautiful golden light.
And inhale.
And hold it two, three,
four, and exhale.
And let it go, let
it go, let it go.
And again, bring that beautiful
golden light and inhale.
And hold it two, three,
four, and exhale.
And then one more time.
And bring yourself that
beautiful golden light
inside the body.
Inhale, holding it two,
three, four, and exhale.
And let it go, let
it go, let it go.
Good.
And now in your mind's
eye, in your imagination,
I would like for you to create a
beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
room.
A spiritual room.
A room of your own design,
of your own delight,
filled with everything you love.
Whether it's music, or art, or
food, whatever it is you want,
that's great.
Just make sure that this
space, that this environment
is exactly all about you.
Everybody at home, make this
exactly as you want this room.
it's an extension of
you, of your higher mind.
Good.
And as you visualize this
room, please now place yourself
in the center of this room.
And as you place yourself
in the center of this room,
begin to align yourself with
all of the items in that room.
Begin to align yourself with
all the objects in that room.
That you become
one in connection
with all those lovely, beautiful
things which embrace your soul
and lighten your heart.
And just bring yourself to
that mindset, to that feeling,
to that space.
Good.
And now as you see
yourself in that room,
standing there
centered in that room,
I want you to open
up your hands,
open up your hands as you
stand there in that room
and make a gesture to receive.
Make a gesture to receive.
You send out the message to
the universe: I am receiving.
And inside of your
hands, I want you
to see in detail, in
specifics, exactly something
that you want
manifested right now.
In this room.
Bring yourself into complete
receptive mode with your mind,
with your heart,
with your being.
And see this, whether
it's a condition of life,
whether it's a scenario
in life, whether it's
an object, whatever that is.
Align yourself fully.
From your heart,
with the universe,
and with this scenario of
receiving and manifesting.
See it, feel it, be it.
Let it also now become
a part of your being.
a part of the room
that you're standing in.
And see it inside this room as
a living object, as a living
being.
And feel the love for
this manifestation.
And so it is.
And slowly open up your
eyes and be as one.
Great, great.
Great job.
You know, it's very
interesting because I'm
very, very aware physically
of what's going on,
but I'm also very, very aware
of energetically as you're
getting it, as
you're feeling it,
and I really do feel like a
wave of energy that comes over.
And even the people that are
watching this on their sets
or computers, it's just really
interesting that we send out
that energy to everybody
and letting them take it.
Take a part of it.
So does anybody
want to share what
they experienced with that?
Yes, anybody over here?
What did you wish for?
What did you manifest?
>>AUDIENCE: I was
thinking about--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because and
I'm sorry to interrupt you,
I saw colors all around you
when you were doing this.
I saw colors of lights.
All different colors all
around you, your aura.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, that's awesome.
>>VAN PRAAGH: What?
[LAUGHTER]
What were you manifesting
or visualizing?
>>AUDIENCE: I was thinking
about a bar of silver.
>>VAN PRAAGH: What I was getting
with you, really interesting,
was not only the colors
melding around you,
I saw a lot of,
like, financial stuff
around you like money stuff.
Like wealth.
I saw a lot of
wealth coming to you.
And I saw wealth coming
to you in different ways.
It was not only wealth
that I manifest,
but it was coming to you in
all different types of ways
in different types
of projects, or work
areas, all different types
of things from all over.
But I think you're
a very good magnet.
We're all magnets, you know?
But I think you're
a very good magnet.
And I think that as
far as financial stuff,
I kept on seeing
this manifestation.
That not going to
worry about that,
that things are going
to present themselves,
and I think you
already know that.
>>AUDIENCE: Sweet, thanks.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Sweet, sweet!
You're welcome.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, please.
>>AUDIENCE: My name is Lori.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, Lori.
Thank you for being
a part of this space.
>>AUDIENCE: I need your energy.
I have been depleted and
I feel honestly nothing.
And when I was trying to
manifest happiness and goodness
that I bring to others, I felt
myself being sad for myself.
And I don't know why.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Let me ask you
this, when you visualized
that room, was
there a bed there?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because my
feeling was with you was,
and as you're saying
it now, my sense
is that you have to
take time for yourself.
And the reason I
feel you're depleted
is not just things
that have happened,
but you're so good at giving--
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Giving,
giving, giving,
giving that you don't
give back to self.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And that's
what I think it is.
So it's a depletion.
It's a depletion.
And I'm sure you have bottom of
the spine, you probably have--
>>AUDIENCE: Oh my god, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Spinal
problems, you have to.
Because first chakra, we
just did a show about this.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
it really is when
people are plugged into you for
their survival, which they are,
then it depletes on you.
If you don't, you know.
We get-- you're such a good
person, you're a healer,
you're a very sensitive
person and you're
a person who thinks
to people-- I'm
going to give you
everything, come on, I'm
going to give you everything.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Here's my hand-out.
>>AUDIENCE: Exactly.
>>VAN PRAAGH: My hand-out.
You know?
And that's what you've done
your whole life, hand-out.
But guess what you
have to learn now?
>>AUDIENCE: Self?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hand-up.
>>AUDIENCE: Hands-up.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
No more.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It doesn't
mean you don't love them,
it doesn't mean that you're not
there for them, but guess what?
Now you got to save your energy.
You really got to save
your energy for yourself.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because you
can't be depleted all the time.
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You just can't.
So what I'd like
to do now, I'd like
to do is a different way of
communicating with spirit
and would like to do
is to tap into spirit
coming in and really seeing
if they're around you.
And if I'm able to tune
into that frequency which
is next to you that
you want to tap into.
Just because sometimes
you want to contact
one particular person doesn't
always mean they're around you.
It might be somebody else.
Now many times what happens is
I will connect with one person
and that personal will
bring in a relative
or friend for the
person behind them.
And they didn't even know them,
but they're opening up the door
for that to happen.
So is that OK?
So we'll try and see if we can
connect with a spirit that way,
yeah?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, so
anybody over here?
Yes.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Hi.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, how are you?
>>AUDIENCE: Great, how are you?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Good.
Good, good, good.
>>AUDIENCE: My name's Kristi.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi,
Kristi, how are you?
Nice to see you.
>>AUDIENCE: Nice to see you too.
I'm hoping to connect
with my mother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your mother,
I thought your mom.
OK.
Good, good, good
>>AUDIENCE: Yup.
Her name is Carol.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Carol,
OK so we'll see
what happens if the
mother comes through.
OK?
Your mother who's
passed over, I need
to talk about the
interior of your mom.
In that, I need to tell you that
the feeling I have inside me
doesn't feel right.
OK?
So mom passed over very fast
and very suddenly, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do You know
that your mother passed away
without knowing it?
In other words, what I'm trying
to say to you is when spirits,
when we pass out of the body,
there's-- yeah, I hear you,
go on.
You pray to your mom.
You pray to her every single
night, do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, I talk
to her all the time.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, so before
you go to sleep at night,
she said, she's right
by you by the bed.
OK?
And I know that you've
been wanting to-- go on.
I know that you've
been wanting to really
connect with her
every night and she
said she's with you every night.
OK?
Go on, go on, go on.
Do you also have
an old doll that
belonged to you when
you were a little girl?
Do you have an old doll?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You do, don't you?
Because she's referring
to an old doll
that you still have with you.
And, well, you think
about her with this doll.
Now, your mother
when she passes,
she passes very quickly, she's
out of the body very fast.
And she does not feel a thing.
I know that your first
desire for your mother
was if she felt something.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Does
it make sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And she did not.
OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Good.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now she's
talking to me about a brother.
So you have a brother?
You have a brother down here?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: I have two,
but one specifically
that they were very close.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I just want
to say that would you
please let your brother
know that she's fine.
That she is fine, OK?
And was there a car accident?
Was this a car
accident of some kind?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And wasn't there
another car involved In this?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And was there a man
driving that other car?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Is he living?
Or is he passed over.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm not sure.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I think
he's still living.
And I think that a
lesson for your mother
was she had to forgive him.
Did this also make
the newspapers?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: All
right, because she's
talking about being
in the newspapers.
And I know you still
have some articles
or you still have that.
Now, I also want to talk
about-- I understand
that-- a scrapbook or some
kind of a book you have.
And were you just
recently looking
at some kind of a scrapbook
with your mother in it?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, when was that?
>>AUDIENCE: Maybe
two months ago.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Two months ago.
But I know that you still have
it not finished, she said.
There's something about it,
I'm still not finished with it.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right?
And who is Mary,
Marie, this name?
>>AUDIENCE: That's my middle
name and her middle name.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
her middle name, OK.
>>AUDIENCE: And everybody else's
middle name in the family.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, OK, OK, OK.
Great.
And is there a Carol somewhere?
>>AUDIENCE: That's her, Carol.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's it.
Great.
So I get the Carol name.
And a very, very strong
going-- so it's Carol, right?
And do you have a necklace that
belonged to Carol, your mom?
Is there a necklace
that you have?
You still have my
necklace, she said.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I'm
very proud of that.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, nice.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's very
proud that you have that, OK?
And I gotta tell you that.
And that's it.
So I'm going to leave
you with that, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: God bless
you, thank you, sweetheart.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, great.
[APPLAUSE]
OK, anybody else over here.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: I was hoping to
get in contact with my brother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your brother
passed over, OK, great.
OK, great.
OK?
And what is his name?
>>AUDIENCE: Todd.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Todd, OK, great.
Your name is Lori?
What's your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Leslie.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Leslie, your
brother that passed over.
What does this mean?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm Lori.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You're Lori?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
guys come together?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, OK.
OK, it's really weird.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
what we think.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, it's very,
very weird between you guys.
I gotta tell you, there's a
connection between the two
of you, without a doubt.
Which one of you lost your mom?
Oh, because I have a mom here.
Really strong.
So your mother comes
in very, very strong.
Now you might have
come in here wanting
to talk to your brother, but
I get your mother really,
really strongly.
And your mom likes her.
She likes Lori.
So there's a connection.
Now, why is your mom giving me
a little bit of a dance here?
So she's--
>>AUDIENCE: She loved dancing.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's dancing
and she just wants to dance.
And this is what
she's talking about.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I know because mom
wants to let you
know she's fine.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now I want to
ask you also, was there cancer?
And someone had cancer?
With your mother?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because I gotta tell you, I
feel like one thing is wrong,
then something else goes wrong.
And something else goes wrong.
Something else goes wrong.
So I feel riddled
throughout my body.
And I think it was cancer.
I really do.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I really do.
And I just get a sense of this
lady being very, very much
full of love and the
effervescence kind
of like threw her, you know?
She had this
effervescence about her.
And she's talking to
me about slippers.
This is really
funny, but there's
something about slippers.
Like bedroom slippers,
or bunny slippers,
something about slippers.
And she's giving me enthusiastic
or laughing about that.
Do you have a pair of
her slippers now, please?
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, so
if I go to your home
and if I go to
your closet, which
I won't do without
permission, but if I go there,
wouldn't I find some things that
belong to your mother, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And wouldn't I
find objects or items hanging
there in the closet there
that belonged to your mom.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So if I would go
there, I'm going to tell you,
I know that your shoes are
also in that same closet.
Shoes, tennis shoes, and
these sort of things.
And I would tell you
that your mother said
you have a pair of
her shoes there.
A pair of her slippers
or slip-on shoes.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, yes.
Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, gosh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Don't worry.
I'll tell you all
about your mom.
>>AUDIENCE: They're
in my drawer.
Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And you must
have been looking at them.
I don't know if
they're a size eight,
but someone has a size eight
shoe she's talking about.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
Size eight shoe.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank
you very much.
Good.
That's what I get.
Very good.
OK.
Good, good, good, good, good.
Go on.
Yes, I understand that.
She loves everything
you did for her.
And I know you
drove her to places.
I know you drover
her for treatments.
Or you drove her to
the medical centers.
Not just one, but centers.
And she said, you really
helped me with that.
I know at one time,
I'm in a wheelchair.
So I know she places
me in a wheelchair,
she's sitting there.
And you had to bring
her around and I'm
seeing this very clearly.
I know that I want to say
to you I love you so much,
so much gratitude here.
But I know you did things
that others could not
do in your family.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
did the extra mile.
You know, you went
the extra mile.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes..
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I
really gotta tell you
that your mother
appreciates that.
Is your father still
down here on the earth?
>>AUDIENCE: Just passed.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Just passed.
Because I'm not
getting your dad.
I'm not getting
your dad strongly.
She's referring to him, so
let's see what she says.
She said he's around me,
but she said he's resting
or he's in a different space.
So I gotta tell you that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I
gotta tell you that.
>>AUDIENCE: I believe that.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know
that your mom gives me
a feeling or a sense that
she's working with-- go on,
right, OK.
She said, I look in on
him, I'm looking in on him.
He's working on himself.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm
looking in on him.
He's working on himself.
I want to ask who had the birds?
Who had the bird
in the the cage?
Please.
The birds?
>>AUDIENCE: My mom.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because she's talking about
the birds in the cage.
You know about the
birds in the cage.
And she said, they
told me over here
that I had to give
you validation.
So the birds in the cage.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
about the refrigerator
door that's not working.
Or that the squeak or something
about the refrigerator door.
And very, very funny, now
I understand that, got it.
[LAUGHTER]
When your mother
had the medication,
wasn't some of the medication
kept in the refrigerator
please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And wasn't it
kept on the door, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
And I know that this
lady said sometimes
that door would squeak,
or we couldn't open it,
or we had to really pull it.
Do you remember
that, sweetheart?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank
you very much.
Because this is what
she's telling me here.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's
telling me that here.
And I know that
you really helped
her try to feel better
when she was at home.
I know you tried helping her.
And she talks about the
temperature going up and down
too.
Her temperature fluctuated
really, really hot and cold.
And really hot and cold.
And you had put the
blanket on her, as well.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I know the blanket
that you would use looks like
it was stitched in some way.
I'm not sure if it was
an afghan of some kind.
Wasn't it?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's what
she's showing me here.
And I know putting
it on the body
and I know that I want to
be careful about diabetes
in the family.
So I know there'd be some
diabetes in your family line.
You understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And she's making
me acknowledge that as well.
So I've got to tell you that.
So your mom is fine.
And I really gotta
give you my heart.
I don't know if she had a
heart necklace or a necklace
with a heart on it, didn't she?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, she did.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I'm
giving that to you right now.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's giving
that to you right now.
And I'm going to leave
you with that, OK?
God bless you.
Thank you.
>>AUDIENCE: OK,
thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Anybody
else have a question?
[LAUGHTER]
You have a question?
OK, we're going to get to you.
Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: My name is Karen.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, Karen.
Today's theme is manifestation.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know that
that's been very hard for you.
OK?
I know it's been hard
for you to manifest.
And I know it's been hard
with you for self-worth.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I just
need to let you know that.
Behind you, I have
your mother, but I also
have her mother
on the other side.
I also have another
lady come here.
So I feel like I
have three women that
come in here especially for you.
And I feel they're
all connected.
I have, like, the
sister, mother, mother.
Mother, two sisters,
this sort of thing.
And did you not speak to your
mother before she passed over?
Were you not able
to speak to her?
Again, it's OK to cry.
It's OK to cry.
Because your mom is here.
And your mom said you
weren't able to speak to her.
And I know you tried speaking
to her, but she didn't hear you?
>>AUDIENCE: No, she
was on the floor.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She was on floor.
And you kept on talking to her
and saying something to her.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And she heard you.
Your mom was out of it
before she was-- you know,
she was gone quickly.
I gotta tell you that.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
So she didn't feel anything?
>>VAN PRAAGH: She
didn't feel anything.
Your mother was gone quickly.
I get her around the bed.
Did she fall near a bed?
Or was there a bed close by?
Because I keep on seeing a bed.
>>AUDIENCE: She
was in her bedroom.
She yelled my name and I walked
in and she was on the floor.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So let me
just tell you something.
It's not your fault
your mom passed.
And you could not
have saved her.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, You
could not have saved her.
So she doesn't want you to feel
like you could've saved her.
You keep on running
around with that.
With that feeling like you
could've done something,
I should have done something,
if only I was there five minutes
before, it wouldn't
have happened.
I don't think so.
Your mother said, stop that.
She's like, let's stop it.
And you know, I know you tried
doing the best you could.
I know you did.
You did great.
I also want to ask you,
who got the wedding,
who had to get married quickly?
Do you understand about that?
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: My son got married.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, I
don't know if there
was a pressure to get married.
Or and didn't he get married
away from everybody on his own?
Or what was that about?
Little quiet thing there.
Say yes or no.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank
you very much.
Because she's telling
me that he got
married away from everybody.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, I almost
want to say eloping or doing
his own thing.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now is
there a baby there?
>>AUDIENCE: Two.
>>VAN PRAAGH: From him?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Two babies?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Was
there one baby that
wasn't expected
or was a surprise?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>>AUDIENCE: The first one.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
Who works in roofing or home
building or construction?
Has he had anything
to do with that
or has he been
around that lately?
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: No?
I don't know why she keeps on--
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, he
just did his house.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, do you
know if he got a new roof?
Or there was talk
about getting the new--
>>AUDIENCE: They have
to get a new roof.
>>VAN PRAAGH: They
have to get a new roof.
>>AUDIENCE: It's got a leak.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
Telling me about the roof.
And showing me that
roof type of thing.
I know that.
I know exactly where it is too.
Toward the front of the
house, toward the left side,
it's right where the hole is.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
So I want to talk about
a bracelet you have
of your mother's.
A bracelet.
Is that hers?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
Because she's talking
to me about a bracelet.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, it's hers.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK and
can I just tell you
something from your mother?
Deep from her.
And I gotta tell you,
the grandmother is here,
this other woman is here,
and I've got to tell you,
and I'm gonna cry, of course.
I gotta tell you that in
order for this to manifest,
there are many factors
that have to happen.
And part of it is the spirits
come in with a lot of energy.
And if you're afraid or
fearful, it kind of blocks them.
So I know that I had
this grandmother person
here and this other
lady and I know
she's a relative
to the grandmother
and I know that
they've come here
to help your mother
communicate today.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Now why did she always used
to collect the rubber bands?
The rubber bands.
So I don't know if she had
rubber bands on her wrist
or if she had a little
jar with the rubber bands.
But.
>>AUDIENCE: Where
she worked, she
had to bundle things
in rubber bands,
she would probably
have them on her hands.
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: I worked with her.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
you worked with her?
Rubber bands, rubber bands.
I see rubber bands.
So it's funny.
She's just showing me that.
She showed me the
rubber bands and that
would make sense to you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, definitely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's important.
So all right, I understand that.
I understand that.
You can't be
everything to everyone.
You understand that?
You can't be that to your boy.
And does he drive a
pickup truck or have
some kind of a truck please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, they
have like a van truck.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
know it's broken,
or there's something not
right-- working right.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, they
have to get a new one.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
she just said to me
it's not working right.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Just
gotta tell you that.
>>AUDIENCE: They're getting one.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm going
to tell you one more thing
and then I'm going to close.
That I know that
your mother, this
might sound very strange to
you, but she's around music.
>>AUDIENCE: Not at all.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
she wants to tell you
she's taking singing lessons.
She's taking singing.
And she said, you know
if I could tell you
that I'm singing
that I'm in heaven.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Does
that make sense?
>>AUDIENCE: Perfect.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, I'll
leave you with that.
Thank you, sweetheart.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you,
thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
You're very welcome.
Thank you.
Thank you everyone.
The true art of
manifestation is really
realizing that we
can have anything
we want as long as we put
yourself into that space.
And, really, God says yes,
our humanness says no.
So stay in that God space.
And I hope you
manifest everything
that you want in your life.
Until next time, let
the light and love
of spirit be around you always.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you all very, very much.
Appreciate it.
Thank you, thank you.
[APPLAUSE]